Your mother's name is Xu Bingyan, right?
I can... I can find your mother
But you have to promise me
No more killing
I promise you.
I'll give you three days.
Seventh Uncle Zixuan
I know you are still in the live stream, right?
Wang Tong wants me to find Xu Pingyan
Seventh Uncle, think of a way
I saw the master and asked me to assist you tomorrow.
Oh, dear.
Come on, we've all been played by a little kid.
5,000 lives.
Gee, it's all my fault.
I really shouldn't have let Yu Qing stop
Otherwise, there wouldn't be so many people dying.
Master, don't blame yourself too much
Who would have thought a child could be so cruel?
You go back tomorrow
It turns out that Xu Bingyan is the mother of the devil child
You take this talisman to the grave
Stick it on the grass man in front of the grave
If Xu Bingyan's ghost would show up
You convince him to meet the devil child